Two weeks until finals!
###### Winter 2024
To Do:
- [x] 204 Project 5 -- Finish up the code

| Monday | Tuesday         | Wednesday            | Thursday               | Friday | Saturday | Sunday                                      |
| ------ | --------------- | -------------------- | ---------------------- | ------ | -------- | ------------------------------------------- |
|        | 2 Interviews :) | TTC Interview        | Finish 205 Assignment, |        |          | Mandatory startOR FINISH 250 assignment day |
|        |                 | Maybe Vincenzo's!    |                        |        |          |                                             |
|        |                 | Start 250 Lab        |                        |        |          |                                             |
|        |                 | Start 205 Assignment |                        |        |          |                                             |
|        |                 |                      |                        |        |          |                                             |


Report back to Diana about lab
PAC Locker and Towel for more swims :)
Eggs

Wins this week :)
- Tuesday: Interviewers were comfortable and you kept a good vibe, kept the interviewers engaged and remembered the extension that you use for Obsidian.
	- He peeled an orange for you and you got to try the fruit explosion muffin :)
	- You made yummy pasta and tried maggie's ice cream
	- You learned a lot about ASP. NET, you didn't even know it was made by Microsoft!
- Wednesday: You got two interviews over with and now you only have to wait for responses
	- He tried to find you after classes ended :)
	- You emailed your interviewers today :)
	- You learned deriving the HPF into LPF transfer functions!
	- You started 205
- THURSDAY YOU GOT A FUCKING JOB

Reflections:
How can you hate yourself if you don't really know yourself?
Practice time spending with yourself with this new version of you. 
It's going to be so amazing being alone at my brother's house. It's going to be so peaceful and you're going to workout in the summer. 

Stop fighting to be included, stop fighting. You're the one choosing to fight. Instead of fighting with our strength, lead with your spirit. 
You need more time with yourself 


You were gifted with this interview in order to PERFECT the TTC interview. You are absolutely well suited for any role and it is a gift that you obtained 4 + 2 interviews this week and last week while others do not get interviews. DO YOU SEEEEE HOW FUCKING AMAZING YOU ARE??? EVEN IF YOU DON'T GET THEM, YOU GET TO SAY THAT YOU DID FREAKING AAMZING AND THIS IS A WHOLE NEW MILESTONE. HOLY SHIT I'M SO PROUD OF YOU AND YOU ARE ALWAYS HEADING TOWARDS THE GOAL NO MATTER THE RATE OF YOUR PROGRESS. 

Don't feel guilty. It's completely okayy..... Pat pat .. (warm hug and snuggle in sheets). You got to eat so much yummy food and you are such a good daughter for visitnig your mom early. Even though you didn't get much work done, you got a pineapple bun, you met 